---

Care - Consent 
dvev


---

Often, I feel like we don't say what we really intend to or mean or imply.
People say, "I want or need this", but they don't really do. It isn't that I'm judging their needs or wants, it is just that they know and are aware otherwise as well that it isn't a priority requirement that deems acquisition right away. This is with regard to shopping habits.
People say, "No no no, Its okay", as visitors at a guests' house, but in reality they are tempted to eat the savories offered. They want to accept and eat what was offered but it courtesy or rather polite to refuse first and then accept post some coaxing. This is very familiar in Asian cultures. I find this prevalent in India or at least that's where I first noticed it.
Why do people say one thing when they mean the complete opposite ?
Why are people refusing things they want and buying things they don't want ?
What is this preset presumed way of communication that not only conveys intent but also asserts politeness and courtesy ?
Why do we as a chunk of people : Population Demographic; Do this ?
Why does one as an Individual do this ?


---

Understandably this caused a lot of problems.
I wouldn't know if a topic was touchy or if it was something of their interest.
I wouldn't know if someone was famous and was genuinely trying to keep it down on low or if they were trying to be modest and expected something else entirely.
The point is, when initial lines of communication was screwed, there was little or no understanding of expectations. I did not know what should be the expected behavior for such interactions. By screwed, I mean that it was ambiguous. 
When I was in India, before I traveled to the US, I was completely accustomed to this form of assumptions that came from an Indian perspective. When I did travel to the US, there were another set of presumptions that I was totally unaware of. 
For example, What would be considered as a normal inquiry or a pure inquisition about familial relations could potentially be considered as harassment or attempted breach of privacy out in the US.
It boils down to what implies what in each country. In India, it is significantly normal for an elderly person to ask where I'm from, What do I do, where My parents are from, what they do and so much more along those lines. I presume it is because that gives them a better idea of who I am as a person. Whereas in the US, most people ask what do you do, they do not stray towards any personal question, even if they do they excuse themselves before they do. That's like the British way of apologizing for almost everything, not to do so would be considered uncouth and impolite.
Honestly, it was and still is mind boggling. 
I eventually developed a way of thinking that implied, "People don't always say what they mean or intend." I found it being my responsibility to deduce, infer and act. That was the given norm or what was the expected behavior in this case.
I believe presumptions and ambiguity cause biases that can impact the way we work, think and act as people inherently.


---

Soon, I began giving thought to what people actually say and not to rule my decisions solely based on my presumptions of what they could've implied. This got me into trouble. In fact, doing the exact opposite also got me into trouble. 
This is insane. 
Do I presume or Do I not presume ? 
Do I take your works at face value or do I not ?
What the Fuck ?
People have ways of conveying gender identity now, they should probably have a way of conveying if they mean what they say or if we should presume, even if we did presume, what makes one think that it is the right presumption. Presuming one's gender is one thing and presuming everything that they are ever going to say and have said is another ball game all together. 
How do you differentiate between two people, one that always lies and one that always tells the truth, while asking for directions ?
Except this isn't a case where they are lying, intentions are clear or presumed to be clear rather, but how do you decide which is information you should rely on ? In real life, things are much more complicated than, black and white, truth or lie, how do we navigate through that ?
Anecdotes:
Parag presumed the relationship was business oriented and I assumed it was personal in which I should express care.
Samyukta ; I forgot what she said
Shetty and MK presume I'll be late 
X presume I'll lie 
I might have presumptions that I'm unaware of
Texting inherrently means whatsapp for some today, snapchat for another and somehting else altogether for someone else 
Not that its a bad or a good thing, its just how the situation is today.
The world is filled with presumptions.
